type.sr_generalDoc=General Document
type.sr_hrDoc=HR Doc

set.swiss.re.type.generalDoc=General Document
prop.first.name.generalDoc.swiss.re=First Name
prop.last.name.generalDoc.swiss.re=Last Name
prop.contact.number.generalDoc.swiss.re=Contact Number
prop.location.generalDoc.swiss.re=Location
prop.lob.generalDoc.swiss.re=Line Of Business
prop.closureDt.claim.swiss.re=Closure Date
prop.claimStatus.claim.swiss.re=Claim Status
prop.contractStartDt.contract.swiss.re=Contract Start Date
prop.contractStatus.contract.swiss.re=Contract Status
prop.expirationDt.contract.swiss.re=Expiration Date
prop.boxNo.generalDoc.swiss.re=Box Number
prop.buildingNo.generalDoc.swiss.re=Building Number
set.swiss.re.type.hrDoc=HR Doc
aspect.claim=Claim
aspect.contracts=Contracts
prop.doc.number.hrDoc.swiss.re=Document Number
prop.doc.type.hrDoc.swiss.re=Document Type
prop.claim.id.claim.swiss.re=Claim Id
prop.claim.dt.claim.swiss.re=Claim Date
prop.contract.startdt.contracts=Contract Start Date
prop.contract.enddt.contracts=Contract End Date
prop.contract.id.contracts=Contract ID

prop.department.aspect.generalDoc.swiss.re=Department
prop.region.aspect.generalDoc.swiss.re=Region

form.label.advancedsearch.srGeneralDoc=General Document
form.description.advancedsearch.srGeneralDoc=Search for General Document
#actions.example-action=Boxing
actions.custom-action=Custom Content Action
message.custom-action.success=Custom Content action worked
message.custom-action.failure=Custom Content action failed

#actions.example-action=Boxing
actions.index-action=Generate Index File
message.index-action.success=Index File Generated Successfully
message.index-action.failure=Index File Generation failed